## Live Version
Live version available at: [TODO]

## How to run the code

The project is created using CRA.
You'll need the `.env.development.local` file I shared with you in the project description in order to make this work correctly.

So first just install all packages needed:

`
npm install
`

Then start the project, it will automatically try to use port 3000:

`
npm start
`


## Architecture Explanation
I chose Typescript over JavaScript for this project due to the typing benefits it brings, even though this is a very small project.

I chose to save global state using React Redux in order to make it easier for me to obtain this data anywhere in the application and also help with the routes security, again, this is being applied to a small project that might have been fine with a single component being rendered, but I feel like this approach makes it easier for me to work with global data.

The application flow is the following: 
1. It will check if the user is authenticated, if not, it will render the Login screen, if there's a user authenticated it will redirect to the Home screen.
2. The Home component contains the movies information which is being rendered in a material-table component, filters are available only for Title and Genres columns. This will render whole 1000 movies data in paginated views of 20 rows each, this is to help website performance. Here I chose to get the movies data from a local JSON file since the online resource shared in the tasks description is not accessible since it doesn't contain the proper origin response headers.
3. When you click on the View Comments button of any of the movies' rows, a modal will popup with a live chat containing comments for that specific movie. I'm using Real-time Database here due to it's performance benefits. If another user sends a comment, then you'll be able to get that update immediately.
4. You can leave a comment as well, which will also be available immediately for all users once it's sent.

The database structure is as follows:

 - comments
	 - movie_title_year // This is used as a unique key for each movie
		 - commentKeyId // Randomly generated by firebase
			 - comment // The comment content
			 - timestamp // The timestamp when the comment was saved, useful for sorting
			 - user
				 - name // Name from firebase user
				 - photo // Photo URL from firebase user

## What to Improve?
- Unit testing for components.
- Better separation of concerns between the components and the firebase service.
- Improve overall UI/UX designs.
- Improve main dashboard filters, include custom filter for Genres.
- Improve Comments component to show user name and time the message was sent.


Thanks for the time to review this!
